---
layout: weeknote
title: 2023, week 29
subtitle: Covering July 17thâ€“23rd
date: 2023-07-23 17:00
comments: false
---

Vacation continues, but this is the final week. Tomorrow we're back, baby!

Haven't done _too_ much work related things, so that's good. Been hanging
around on Teams and seeing what's happening, but not really doing any coding.
At least not professionally.

{% include separator.html %}

Decided to [block Google]({% post_url 2023-07-21-blocking-google %}) after all
their nonsense, and seeing many others do similar gave me the kick I needed to
sit down and copy-paste two lines into every `robots.txt` I could get my hands
on.

The Synology is still waiting to be shipped. Should have cancelled the order
and found another place to order from, but now I've waited so long that it's
not coming before vacation ends, so it doesn't really matter if I wait a bit
longer.

{% include separator.html %}

Finished season 2 of [Altered Carbon](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2261227/),
which was OK. Definitely enjoyed season 1 more, and the end felt a bit rushed,
but it was fine. Nothing I'll rewatch.

Since I was already into that universe, I watched [Altered Carbon:
Resleeved](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9310328/) too. Okay self-contained
short story. Weird animation.

And after that movie, I still couldn't sleep, so ended up rewatching
[Collateral](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0369339/). Don't really know why, but
I like that movie a lot.

{% include separator.html %}

Stopped procrastinating, and after getting a few tips on Mastodon, I'll be
attempting to make sense of Swift and SwiftUI for a little toy iOS app I want
to try. Watched a [quick
course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/ios-app-development-big-picture) to
get a big picture overview and fiddled around with the sample app, as well as a
[deeper dive into
fundamentals](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/swift3-fundamentals).

So far, I liked Swift(UI) and think it's suited for how I do things, but I'm
sure I'll get around to hating it too. Seems to have had a lot of thought put
into it in order to have it make a lot of sense and be safe by default.

Unsure if I should try to learn a bit more first, or just start hacking and see
what happens. Watching some more gives me an excuse to delay, so maybe that's
what I'll do.

{% include separator.html %}

I don't post much on Mastodon, but I'm actually getting some replies when I
have a problem, or wondering about something, which is a nice change. I'm used
to shouting into the void. Or not shouting anywhere, just... staying quiet.

Been getting out on walks some more, which is nice. Slowly working my way up to
being able to run again without hurting myself, as I usually end up doing.
Going too fast, too far, too soon and then several months recovering from the
inevitable injury.
