---
layout: weeknote
title: 2023, week 28
subtitle: Covering July 10thâ€“16th
date: 2023-07-16 18:00
comments: false
---

Almost finished the first week of vacation. One to go. Figured I'd just have a
short vacation this time and save some days for later. Or never.

Still very nostalgic. Re-watching, reading and playing old things seems to be a
theme.

{% include separator.html %}

I have a very old homegrown NAS-and-everything-else monstrosity that keeps
trucking along. With an AMD Athlon X2 5000+ CPU and a whopping 8 GB of RAM.
It's been with me for quite a few years now in various shapes. Started out as
my main desktop, then was a media player, before a NAS, before getting a lot of
extra services running, until it grew into the monstrosity it is today.

But no more!

I've finally gotten around to buying a small Synology instead, which can stay
with me in the apartment. Haven't arrived yet, but should be a fun little
project for the rest of the vacation. Hoping to be able to retire some things,
and it always feels good to have a fresh install without all the weird cruft
that builds up.

Thinking I'll try and keep things in containers/VMs so they can be easily wiped
out.

{% include separator.html %}

The [remake of Rurouni Kenshin](https://anidb.net/anime/17065) started! I just
finished watching the [classic version from 1996](https://anidb.net/anime/90)
without realizing this had been announced. The animation looks very nice so
far, and glad to see it is a bit more realistic with blood and visible damage.
But the voice of Kenshin is so... wrong. Not bad, just very different from what
I'm used to. And that "oro"...

And glad to see it continues the trend of absolutely terrible openings and
endings. I'll listen once, then skip them from now on.

First episode was good, with some changes here and there. Been a while since I
read the manga, so unsure which anime is closest to the source. Hopefully this
won't have the extreme amount of fillers though. I'll probably save up a lot of
episodes and binge, but looking forward to seeing how this goes.

{% include separator.html %}

Wanted to re-watch [Altered Carbon](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2261227/) as
well. Or, actually, I remember liking the first season, and that I never
watched the second season. So I wanted to see the second, but needed the first
as a refresher. Almost ready to start the second season now, which seems to be
not very liked, so that might be fun.

{% include separator.html %}

Found [Ron Gilbert](https://mastodon.gamedev.place/@grumpygamer) on the
Fediverse and started reading a bit there plus the blog. So found [The Curse of
Monkey Island](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Curse_of_Monkey_Island) on
Steam and started replaying that. Going slowly and enjoying it. Fun to see how
much I still remember (a lot!) and how many jokes went way over my head when I
originally played it (a lot!)

Such lovely games!

{% include separator.html %}

Introduced the kids to [Super Mario
64](https://www.mariowiki.com/Super_Mario_64) on the Switch. I was allowed to
play for about five minutes before they got angry and demanded I turn it off,
since the graphics were all wrong and Mario and Peach did *not* look like that,
thank you very much!

Had better luck with [The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of
Time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Legend_of_Zelda:_Ocarina_of_Time),
which is what I actually wanted to play. They just got distracted by the
familiar boxart of Mario first.

Haven't gotten very far, since I try to let them be a part and suggest what we
should try, instead of running around from memory and doing everything. Having
to translate all the "conversations" live gets tiring as well.
